[JavaScript] Create reference for import & export (#338)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/reference/keywords/export.md

# `export`

> The `export` keyword is used to define elements of the current file, that can be imported into other files using the [`import`][concept-import] keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `export` keyword is used to define elements of the current file, that can be imported into other files using the [`import`][keyword-import] keyword.
```

I know this is pedantic, but it will help if you have both a concept and a keyword with the same name :)

Author: I like pedantic :D

> The `export` keyword is used to define elements of the current file, that can be imported into other files using the [`import`][concept-import] keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `export` keyword is used to define which elements in the current file will be importable into other files using the [`import`][keyword-import] keyword.
```

What do you think of this wording? If you like it better, don't apply the above.

Reviewer: Perhaps you also want to say that a file becomes a module once there is a single export?

Author: Does it have to have an export to be a module? I always understood all files to be a module.

Reviewer: > In the Node.js module system, each file is treated as a separate module. 
> https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html#modules_modules

> Adding JavaScript modules to the web platform
> https://blog.whatwg.org/js-modules

> ECMAScript Language: Scripts and Modules
> https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-ecmascript-language-scripts-and-modules

As far as I can tell, ECMAScript *does not* dictate _when_ something is a module, but it does tell us that keywords such as `import` and `export` are only available from a "module-context".  

- The browser platform, however, is pretty clear about this. A `<script>` becomes a module, when it has `type="module"` and ES6 style specifiers such as `import` and `export` are *only* available in such modules.
- Node is also pretty clear about this. Each _file_ is a module, by default. That does not mean that all tools will interpret it the same way. For example, `typescript` or `eslint` (one of the two, I don't know which one of the top of my head) only marks a _file_ as a _module_ once there is a single `import` *or* `export` in the file.

But the fact that I had to look this up is pretty interesting. We should at least mention that the `import` and `export` keywords are only available in a module-context which means files when in a node-context, and `<script type="module">` in a browser-context.

Reviewer: Here is an amazing resource to include (in the files):

https://exploringjs.com/impatient-js/ch_modules.html

> There are two types of exports, the default export and named exports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of exports, the `default` export and named exports.
```

## Default export

The default export is marked using the `default` modifier:

```js
export default class XYZ {}
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we add a line or two that links to tooling such as `tsc` and `babel` allowing for synthetic default export (`exports = x` becomes `export default`, as well options for translating `export default` to a named export with the name `default`)., as well as a section about difference between the `export` keyword and `commonjs` exports?

Author: sure

Reviewer: This is not C# or Ruby, yet I often link to those when explaining something, such as interop, similarities or differences. In this particular case I think it makes sense to link to `tsc` because it _produces_ JavaScript. However, I am open to have my opinion swayed.

## Named exports

Named exports can have multiple forms, some of those are:

```js
export class XYZ {}
export const foo = "bar";
export { foo, bar }; // this exports a list of multiple features
```

> ## Further reading

Reviewer: Perhaps also add re-exports?

Author: sure, why not

> https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/export

> [concept-import]: ./import.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[keyword-import]: ./import.md
```
